README.md, before:

# AutoSortVcxprojFilters

<!-- Replace this badge with your own-->
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/60phnmmqm634jcn9?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/sandercox/autosortvcxprojfilters/)

<!-- Update the VS Gallery link after you upload the VSIX-->
Get the [CI build](http://vsixgallery.com/extension/AutoSortVcxprojFilters.Sander Cox.b6738a6b-ba4b-48e6-b4c2-d164eba03937/).

---------------------------------------

Empty VSIX Project.

See the [change log](CHANGELOG.md) for changes and road map.

## Features

- Automatically sorts any solutions vcxproj.filters file this helps with otherwise very common 3way merge conflicts

## Contribute
Check out the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)
if you want to contribute to this project.

For cloning and building this project yourself, make sure
to install the
[Extensibility Tools 2015](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/ab39a092-1343-46e2-b0f1-6a3f91155aa6)
extension for Visual Studio which enables some features
used by this project.

## License
[Apache 2.0](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Todo to Update the README file

README.md, after:

# TODO: Properly Update, this now works on sqlproj only

# AutoSortVcxprojFilters

<!-- Replace this badge with your own-->
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/60phnmmqm634jcn9?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/sandercox/autosortvcxprojfilters/)

<!-- Update the VS Gallery link after you upload the VSIX-->
Get the [CI build](http://vsixgallery.com/extension/AutoSortVcxprojFilters.Sander Cox.b6738a6b-ba4b-48e6-b4c2-d164eba03937/).

---------------------------------------

Empty VSIX Project.

See the [change log](CHANGELOG.md) for changes and road map.

## Features

- Automatically sorts any solutions vcxproj.filters file this helps with otherwise very common 3way merge conflicts

## Contribute
Check out the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)
if you want to contribute to this project.

For cloning and building this project yourself, make sure
to install the
[Extensibility Tools 2015](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/ab39a092-1343-46e2-b0f1-6a3f91155aa6)
extension for Visual Studio which enables some features
used by this project.

## License
[Apache 2.0](LICENSE)
